README.md, before:

# Secure "Remember Me"
This library implements the best practices for implementing a secure
"Remember Me" functionality on web sites. Login information and unique secure 
tokens are stored in a cookie. If the user visits the site, the login information 
from the cookie is compared to information stored on the server. If the tokens 
match, the user is logged in. A user can have login cookies on several 
computers/browsers.

This library is heavily inspired by Barry Jaspan's article
"[Improved Persistent Login Cookie Best Practice][1]". The library protects
against the following attack scenarios:

 - The computer of a user is stolen or compromised, enabling the attacker to log
   in with the existing "Remember Me" cookie. The user knows this has happened.
   The user can remotely invalidate all login cookies.
 - An attacker has obtained the "Remember Me" cookie and has logged in with it.
   The user does not know this. The next time he tries to log in with the cookie
   that was stolen, he gets a warning and all login cookies are invalidated.
 - An attacker has obtained the database of login tokens from the server. The 
   stored tokens are hashed so he can't use them without computational effort
   (rainbow tables or brute force).

## Installation

	composer require birke/rememberme

## Usage example
See the `example` directory for an example.

## Token security
This library uses the [`openssl_random_pseudo_bytes`][2] function by default to generate a 16-byte token 
(a 32 char hexadecimal string). That should be sufficiently secure for more applications.

If you need more security, instantiate the `Authenticator` class with a custom token generator.
The following example generates Base64-encoded tokens with 128 characters:
 
 ```php
 $tokenGenerator = new DefaultToken(94, DefaultToken::FORMAT_BASE64);
 $auth = new Authenticator($storage, $tokenGenerator);
 ```
 
 On systems without `openssl_random_pseudo_bytes` or with really good other entropy sources,
 have a look at the [RandomLib][3]. Rememberme has a `RandomLibToken` class that can use it.
 
 For legacy systems that update to version 2 of this library and where logging out all users
 would be catastrophic, you can use the `ClassicToken` class.
 
[1]: http://jaspan.com/improved%5Fpersistent%5Flogin%5Fcookie%5Fbest%5Fpractice
[2]: http://www.php.net/manual/en/function.openssl-random-pseudo-bytes.php
[3]: https://github.com/ircmaxell/RandomLib

Commit message:

Add update instructions in README

README.md, after:

# Secure "Remember Me"
This library implements the best practices for implementing a secure
"Remember Me" functionality on web sites. Login information and unique secure 
tokens are stored in a cookie. If the user visits the site, the login information 
from the cookie is compared to information stored on the server. If the tokens 
match, the user is logged in. A user can have login cookies on several 
computers/browsers.

This library is heavily inspired by Barry Jaspan's article
"[Improved Persistent Login Cookie Best Practice][1]". The library protects
against the following attack scenarios:

 - The computer of a user is stolen or compromised, enabling the attacker to log
   in with the existing "Remember Me" cookie. The user knows this has happened.
   The user can remotely invalidate all login cookies.
 - An attacker has obtained the "Remember Me" cookie and has logged in with it.
   The user does not know this. The next time he tries to log in with the cookie
   that was stolen, he gets a warning and all login cookies are invalidated.
 - An attacker has obtained the database of login tokens from the server. The 
   stored tokens are hashed so he can't use them without computational effort
   (rainbow tables or brute force).

## Installation

	composer require birke/rememberme

## Usage example
See the `example` directory for an example.

## Token security
This library uses the [`openssl_random_pseudo_bytes`][2] function by default to generate a 16-byte token 
(a 32 char hexadecimal string). That should be sufficiently secure for more applications.

If you need more security, instantiate the `Authenticator` class with a custom token generator.
The following example generates Base64-encoded tokens with 128 characters:
 
 ```php
 $tokenGenerator = new DefaultToken(94, DefaultToken::FORMAT_BASE64);
 $auth = new Authenticator($storage, $tokenGenerator);
 ```
 
 On systems without `openssl_random_pseudo_bytes` or with really good other entropy sources,
 have a look at the [RandomLib][3]. Rememberme has a `RandomLibToken` class that can use it.
 
## Updating from Version 1.x
If you did subclass `Authenticator` with a custom `createToken` method, you need to
implement your token generation in a custom class and pass it as a constructor argument.
Otherwise, there is nothing to do when updating.

The insecure pseudo-random tokens of the old version will be replaced by more secure
tokens whenever a login occurs. For better security (and less convenience of your users)
you could completely clear your token storage once after updating.
 
[1]: http://jaspan.com/improved%5Fpersistent%5Flogin%5Fcookie%5Fbest%5Fpractice
[2]: http://www.php.net/manual/en/function.openssl-random-pseudo-bytes.php
[3]: https://github.com/ircmaxell/RandomLib
